test@test-VirtualBox:~/Documents/GENI/Exp$ ansible -i inventory all -m ping
The authenticity of host 'pcvm3-7.instageni.idre.ucla.edu (164.67.126.36)' can't be established.
ECDSA key fingerprint is SHA256:th9CBlenQEmmMtDfChO73CpVIqRiJmQogb9BDZl98y0.
Are you sure you want to continue connecting (yes/no/[fingerprint])? yes
[DEPRECATION WARNING]: Distribution Ubuntu 18.04 on host Client-1 should use 
/usr/bin/python3, but is using /usr/bin/python for backward compatibility with prior 
Ansible releases. A future Ansible release will default to using the discovered 
platform python for this host. See 
https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/2.9/reference_appendices/interpreter_discovery.html 
for more information. This feature will be removed in version 2.12. Deprecation 
warnings can be disabled by setting deprecation_warnings=False in ansible.cfg.
Client-1 | SUCCESS => {
    "ansible_facts": {
        "discovered_interpreter_python": "/usr/bin/python"
    },
    "changed": false,
    "ping": "pong"
}
[DEPRECATION WARNING]: Distribution Ubuntu 18.04 on host Server-0 should use 
/usr/bin/python3, but is using /usr/bin/python for backward compatibility with prior 
Ansible releases. A future Ansible release will default to using the discovered 
platform python for this host. See 
https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/2.9/reference_appendices/interpreter_discovery.html 
for more information. This feature will be removed in version 2.12. Deprecation 
warnings can be disabled by setting deprecation_warnings=False in ansible.cfg.
Server-0 | SUCCESS => {
    "ansible_facts": {
        "discovered_interpreter_python": "/usr/bin/python"
    },
    "changed": false,
    "ping": "pong"
}
[DEPRECATION WARNING]: Distribution Ubuntu 18.04 on host Client-2 should use 
/usr/bin/python3, but is using /usr/bin/python for backward compatibility with prior 
Ansible releases. A future Ansible release will default to using the discovered 
platform python for this host. See 
https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/2.9/reference_appendices/interpreter_discovery.html 
for more information. This feature will be removed in version 2.12. Deprecation 
warnings can be disabled by setting deprecation_warnings=False in ansible.cfg.
Client-2 | SUCCESS => {
    "ansible_facts": {
        "discovered_interpreter_python": "/usr/bin/python"
    },
    "changed": false,
    "ping": "pong"
}
[DEPRECATION WARNING]: Distribution Ubuntu 18.04 on host Client should use 
/usr/bin/python3, but is using /usr/bin/python for backward compatibility with prior 
Ansible releases. A future Ansible release will default to using the discovered 
platform python for this host. See 
https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/2.9/reference_appendices/interpreter_discovery.html 
for more information. This feature will be removed in version 2.12. Deprecation 
warnings can be disabled by setting deprecation_warnings=False in ansible.cfg.
Client | SUCCESS => {
    "ansible_facts": {
        "discovered_interpreter_python": "/usr/bin/python"
    },
    "changed": false,
    "ping": "pong"
}
[DEPRECATION WARNING]: Distribution Ubuntu 18.04 on host Server should use 
/usr/bin/python3, but is using /usr/bin/python for backward compatibility with prior 
Ansible releases. A future Ansible release will default to using the discovered 
platform python for this host. See 
https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/2.9/reference_appendices/interpreter_discovery.html 
for more information. This feature will be removed in version 2.12. Deprecation 
warnings can be disabled by setting deprecation_warnings=False in ansible.cfg.
Server | SUCCESS => {
    "ansible_facts": {
        "discovered_interpreter_python": "/usr/bin/python"
    },
    "changed": false,
    "ping": "pong"
}
